Query expansion (#27)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/method/query_handling.tex

We will describe each step in the following sections.

\subsection{Query Generation}

\subsection{Query Expansion}

> This step is not necessary, but can be useful to influence the searching process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query expansion is a method which adds more words to a given query in order to add more context to the search process. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
Query expansion is a method which adds more words to a given query to add more context to the search process.
```

> \citet{yang2009topic} describes a common information retrieval method, called query expansion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\citet{yang2009topic} describes a query expansion method, called window query expansion.
```
det er vigtigt at vi sætter linjen mellem hvad query expansion generelt er og hvad de laver

> We expand the query based on the neighboring words in a given query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries are expanded based on the neighboring words in the document set.
```

> Specifically, for each word, we count the frequency of each word appearing before and after the given word.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, for each word in the query, we count the frequency of each word appearing before and after the given word in the corpus.
```
corpus eller document set afhænging af hvad folk bedst kan lide

We then add top $m$ most frequent words to the query.
An example of this could be the query: 
\begin{quote}
	Query = "Football"
\end{quote}

> The most frequent words before and after "Football" could be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example the most frequent words before and after "Football" in our document set could be:
```

\begin{itemize}
	\item Coach - 15
	\item Match - 10
	\item Ball - 5
\end{itemize}

> An resulting expanded query with a $m$ = 2 could be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A resulting expanded query with a $m$ = 2 would then be:
```

> A resulting expanded query with a $m$ = 2 would then be:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A resulting expanded query with an $m$ = 2 would then be:
```
